    ////////////////////////////////// 🕰 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
                            The Mystery of the Disappearing Sock.

 Once upon a time, (about 3 months ago), there lived a boy in his comfortable house. There was nothing unusual
 about him. In fact, his cousins could hardly tell him apart from any other boy
 He was not faster, or stronger, or any different than a boy walking down the street
 But, what happened to him was a different case.

 It was on one of these fortunate (or unfortunate) days that he found himself facing going to school without his right sock. He\'92d searched underneath his table, below his bedsheets, and even checked the roof before coming to the terrible conclusion that his sock had disappeared.\

 But, luckily, the answer to his problem was very clear, though not very easy.

 He had to buy a new pair of socks.
 Before school.
 In about half an hour.

 Then, in a sudden and frightening stroke of reality, he realised something : 'What if, just what if, this was one of
 those days where he had met unforeseen challenges?'

 He had had many such meetings with ridiculous events where what seemed to be a normal day usually turned into an absolute disaster. For an example, when he was 7, his aunt came by to visit his house for Thanksgiving.
 She made to present him with a full bar of his favourite milk chocolate, only to find that the box was empty.

 With the assumption that it had fallen out of the box, she gave him a candied lollipop instead.

 During dinner that night, however, a pool of melted milk chocolate was found in the salad.

 Coming back to his missing sock, there was only one way there could be even a possibility that such a thing could happen : The little clock with the engraved symbol on its face that he kept in a drawer in his table had been taken.
 Again.

 Rushing to his room, he threw open the door and darted towards his table. His pulled out the drawer and scattered the items inside, trying to glimpse a sight of the little clock. There was nothing.

 Nothing except a shattered piece of glass with another engraving.


                                 To be continued later...

///////////////////////////////  \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\

